TheMove - DONE

bavckgorund: The Move LLC comapany started by me and 3 friends. Sole developer
Plannnig: Planned out databse. App architecture. App requirements. 
Created data structures. Printed everything out to constantly view and it every day. 
Completely architected before starting.
Dev:
Node.js

AuxKing

Data Mining custom jupyter notebook stuff
KNN and Perceptron


InstagramClone (finish this)

Chip Chomp

Network Scanner C++ GUI - DONE

Scinomix Expenses App
    Flutter + Admin Web App

    Custom in-house Android and iOS application for Scinomix to log company expenses. Admin web app for designated employees to manage and create expense reports.
    TODO: get picture of web app


Update .Net DBA App

C# VXQ Remote Control API

Whopper Intranet

ZAxis Tester
    "C++ app to run test cases on a machine. Web app to display status remotely. (Beaglebone, Boost, QT, Linux)"


Serial Motor C# API
Mike Motor C# API

Wordpress Website
    increase speed
    perform updates
    cusotm php

Sonicator Machine updates

Pump C++ UDP Protocol + REST API:
Scinomix Pump Controller; 
Software to control Scinomix Pump. Keeps track of current state and saved configurations. UDP protocol to start/stop and configure pump. REST API to start/stop and configure pump. Written in C++ and runs on Beaglebone. 

    Allows control of Scinomix pump using REST APi. Built on top of current UDP protocol.

LIMS system

Origianl VXQ 
    Programmed automated machine that sorts medical tubes communicating with
motors over serial, with remote control web app using PHP and C++ sockets
(Beaglebone, Boost, QT, Linux)


DBA Web app 
    Wrote web app using Javascript, HTML, CSS, and PHP that displays company’s
inventory from SQL DB to any employer with password


iZaLyt
    Wrote iOS and Android App that controls Bluetooth enabled lights (‘iZalyts’)
using FFT to allow lights to sync to music (Swift and Java)

The Move LLC - Springfield, MO. — Lead Software Engineer
• Social media for college students - Plan your night, see where your friends are
going. Manage Friends, Messaging, Notifications, Firebase real time DB,
Flutter, Google Maps, IAP, DB Security, iOS + Android


Desi Rides LLC - Springfield, MO — Lead Software Engineer
• Swift + Kotlin app for iOS and android. Node.js for server code to receive
payments through Stripe and manage accounts.
• App allows organizations to create an account, select drivers, and provide
rides to their events.


Trippy Bird

Hulo

Jump SFX

Golf Trax

FadeMirror
    find old videos
    show some code?

Look at tube site in my drive:
    Code>tubeSite.zip


Hand Gesture Recognizer


Other Brags:
I hate talking myself up but I have put a lot of work to get where I am at
90th Percentile on Missouri State MIT Exit exam
Helped teach Highschool Python class my senior year of Highschool
5 on AP Calc 2 exam
Thousands of downloads in Appstore


mission statement:
Interactive online resume: bradenbagby.com
About to graduate college. I have been a part of 3 start up companies where I lead development of various apps. I have a passion for programming and solving problems. I have always wanted to build something great or develop something that advances humanity. This task can not be done alone, it takes a team of hard w

Interactive online resume: bradenbagby.com
About to graduate college. I have been a part of 3 start up companies where I lead development of various apps. I have a passion for programming and solving problems. I have always wanted to build something great or develop something that advances humanity. This task can not be done alone, it takes a team of hard working brilliant people. I am ready to be a part of this team and engineer tools that reach and benefit people all across the world.

As I'm about to graduate college I think about how I have always wanted to build something great or develop something that advances humanity. This task can not be done alone, it takes a team of hard working brilliant people. I am ready to be a part of this team and engineer tools that reach and benefit people all across the world.
Programming since nine years old. Enjoy math, physics, challenges, and creativity. Confident in my ability to solve complex problems. From creating an entire social media app for a startup company, developing a C++ UPD electric pump controller + REST API, to building a system that reads sign language from a video feed using machine learning, I am very passionate about my work. I recognize that a team of brilliant, hard working people can do far more than one person could ever alone. I am ready to be part of this team and engineer tools that will be used and help others all over the world.

Programming since nine years old. Enjoy math, physics, challenges, and creativity. Confident in my ability to solve complex problems. From creating an entire social media app for a startup company, developing a C++ UPD electric pump controller + REST API, to building a system that reads sign language from a video feed using machine learning, I am very passionate about my work. I recognize that a team of brilliant, hard working people can do far more than one person could ever alone. I am ready to be part of this team and engineer tools that benefit humanity and are used by people all across the world.
